Curriculum Vitae

Personal

Name : van Seumeren
First names : Vincent Willem
Day of birth : 21 July 1983
Place of birth : The Hague, The Netherlands
Nationality : Dutch
Address : 48 Bath Street
Zip Code/City : Irishtown, Dublin 4
Telephone : +353 877916737
Email address : vanseum@gmail.com


Education and work experience

Dec. 2006 - Present day: Customer Satisfaction Analyst for Industry Standard Servers
division, at HP, Dublin.
July 2007 : Obtained IT Service Management Foundations Certificate from EXIN,
based on ITIL.
Sep. 2006 - Dec 2006 : Level II Support Analyst for General Motors, at HP, Dublin.
Feb. 2006 - Sep. 2006 : Quality Assurance Specialist for CPL, at HP, Dublin.
Sep. 2005 - Feb. 2006 : Technical Support Analyst for Credit Suisse at HP, Dublin.
Feb. 2004 - Sep. 2005 : Webmaster combined with telemarketer functions at Savas Seating
B.V in Maastricht, The Netherlands.
Sep. 2002 - Feb. 2004 : HBO Informatics at the Hogeschool van Amsterdam, no certificate.
Sep. 2001 - Sep. 2002 : Obtained Microsoft Certified Professional certificate for Windows
2000 Professional and worked 4 months for Pidas at Syngenta AG in Basel (Switzerland) on a Windows NT to Windows 2000 migration project.
Sep. 2000 - Sep. 2001 : College IT-supporter - Assistant Network administrator at the
SICA, Amsterdam.
Sep. 1997 - Sep. 1999 : Higher general school at the Martinus College, Grootebroek,
The Netherlands
Sep. 1995 - Sep. 1997 : Higher general school at the Jac. P Thijsse College, Castricum.
Sep. 1987 - Sep. 1995 : Elementary school.


Explanation of my education and detailed job description


The Education of IT-supporter:
Assistant Network administrator is a fulltime education. The first half year I learned the theory about computers, networks and programs like MS Office, Windows NT and Novell.
The second half year of the training I worked at the IT-department of the city hall of Enkhuizen. Here I worked in a team of four people - including me - with which we ran the IT-section of the city hall, which exists of 120 computers over 6 different locations. My role was to troubleshoot the computers and software, install new soft- and hardware, support the end-users, make the backups, maintain the printers, setup new workstations and servers and to maintain a part of the Novell Directory Services and a few applications on a Windows 2000 server.

PC Engineer at Syngenta AG, Basel:
At Syngenta AG I worked at the IT department on a migration project from Windows NT to Windows 2000. My job was to backup the local data of the users, install Windows 2000 on the workstations, ensure all applications were functioning correctly and answer any queries the users had about the migration.

HBO Informatics at the Hogeschool van Amsterdam:
Hoger Beroeps Onderwijs (HBO in short) is an education for a bachelor degree. The HBO has a project-orientated approach were students have to work in teams to do research, role plays with clients and develop and present solutions. The study covered designing databases, networking, hardware, programming, mathematics, economy and IT Management.

Webmaster / telemarketer functions at Savas Seating:
Savas Seating is a company with 70 employees and 5 offices in The Netherlands and Germany. I started as a telemarketer, but later on I was promoted to webmaster. I maintained the main website savas.com, and created several new websites for the company.

Technical Support Analyst supporting Credit Suisse, working for CPL, at HP, Dublin:
In this pressurised environment I supported employees of investment bank Credit Suisse with their computer problems and answered their computer related questions.

Quality Assurance Specialist for CPL, at HP, Dublin:
Working in a team of 6, I monitored, coached and trained Technical Support Agents (TSA) to improve their call performance and customer service skills in order to ensure Customer Satisfaction was achieved. This was done by providing feedback on the areas where the TSA could improve, but as well feedback on the areas where he/she was doing well, by email and one to one coaching sessions.

Customer Satisfaction Analyst for Industry Standard Servers (ISS) division, at HP, Dublin:
Working for the ISS Northern Europe Region division, which consists of The Netherlands, Belgium,
Luxembourg, Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland, I am responsible for analysing, reporting,
and giving feedback to all levels of the organization on all areas related to Customer
Satisfaction (CSAT), including customer surveys, case management, First Time Fixes and call quality. On these areas I provide feedback to the Technical Support Agents, Operations Management and senior HP Management. Working together with the training department I designed and delivered Customer Satisfaction training for new starters, to create customer satisfaction awareness and the skills necessary to achieve CSAT. Other responsibilities of my job are to conduct trend analysis, identify problem areas and work together with operations management on Service Improvement Plans and implementing new processes to improve CSAT. I help reducing and preventing escalations by pro-actively monitoring Mission Critical cases for the HP Top 30 customers and following up with teams responsible for resolution. If a case was escalated I would work together with the EMEA escalations manager on what the next steps would be to minimize the impact on Customer Satisfaction, investigate possibilities to speed up resolution and call back customers to explain current progress and to set customer expectations.

Skills

Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Good presentation skills.
Very strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Outstanding Customer Service skills, very customer focused.
Ability to work to tight deadlines under pressure.
Thorough knowledge of Windows XP Professional, Microsoft Word, Access, Excel and PowerPoint.
Effectively working with and co-ordinating activities and responsibilities across different teams.
Basic knowledge of Java and HTML.


Languages : Dutch - native speaker
: English - near native speaker
: German - very good


