Dream 1 - Abandoned cars

I was pulled over by the cops and cautioned, so i decided to not let that happen again

I drove around the city and once i saw the cops again, i ran some red lights. They started to chase so i quickly turned corner and found an overgrown parking space, where i proceeded to change my clothes real quick

I remember i took off my pants behind another car that was parked there, which i was going to break into and switch with, and when my pants were off i had no underwear. at this moment a woman drives in and i say nothing to her, i am in the car now and she is like ' you know its rude not to say hello, the people that park here would be very unhappy if they heard about this' and anyway the bitch leaves

i go to get inside the car and only notice that the wheels are all fucked and torn and bent, although i am able to start tthe engine finne and it turns over good. i then notice the car is empty on gas so i leave it

then i zoom far out into the sky and look down, cars start crashing everywhere

this leads onto 

Dream 2 - Sick farm

I forgot that I own a farm. with horror i go back there, and i see a terrible state of things. my animals are wild and sick and  some have died, there is an awful smell and my cattle are roaring in pain

the last chicken to die is being watched by a camera team from an investigative news show

there's a wild trible of humans playing some sort of football, they are scruffy and have cloven hooves

somoen narrates that yes, the place could possibly get fixed but only at the basic level, things had gone too bad

he then postures that i wouldn't want to get into the pen with the bullocks, as they'd gore me in a second 

Dream 3 - Prisoner of my own mind
A train is running in a subway, I'm walking up the aisle and shouting at everyone.
"Look! Look at the key! It's not supposed to be like this! It's missing something!"
I make my way to the front compartment, just before the engine room. But I know i'm in trouble, i know he's put a curse on me (or a horcrux as I kept saying to myself when I woke up). I knew that just walking into the engine room wasn't going to be straight forward.

So I keep walking. Then I realise I'm stuck in a loop. I am now in some stone basement and i'm flying through a few rooms, but the last door will bring me out of the first again - he's managed to trap me. There's a dog in here somewhere, a small one.

Then I find myself in a dream world, a shopping centre with nobody there. I try to pull some fancy moves and go through some random doors but I just end up back in the main mall. I find a bar and grab some keys from behind it and unlock a door, and there is something to do with an elevator shaft that leads up to a giant monorail transport system. 

Finally I find three girls I know in my dream, they are all ascending an escalator. I convince them to come with me into a room while I stealthily try to explain the situation - that I am now trapped and a prisoner of my own mind. 
