 Jonas was a fierce warrior, his eyes blazed like two molten cauldrons, his body slick with a thin layer of sweat as he pursued his quarry, taught muscles cracked through branches and dense foliage without effort. His heart beat solidly in his chest as he leapt over a dip in the valley floor, his legs pumping like pistons as he landed. 
 The world was slower in Jonas's eyes, his neurons fired like a summer lightning storm, every movement was slow and graceful, and as he descended on the semite, his arm seemed to be part of some sensual dance as he gracefully slit his neck in two. 
 He sat there breathing deeply as the splayed figure of the dark-skinned man bled quietly in the undergrowth. He spied a large drooping leaf beside him, and with a jerk ripped it from it's place and wiped the blade. 
 'May you never find peace as long as your soul lies screaming in hell, you worthless dog.' Jonas said as he got to his feet. He spat on the corpse and started the slow walk home. 
 
 Petra wept openly infront of her sisters, who were still comforting her with hushed placations. Her dark hair was matted to her face, her eyes glistening from tears behind one shaking hand, while the other held part of her dirty robe, which she had bunched up to her stomach. 
 'Jonas!' Wailed one of the sisters as she caught the figure of Jonas climbing the stone steppe into the village. The two other sisters turned their heads, Petra gazed fearfully at her approaching partner. 
 'You walk without saying nothing! Tell us! What has become of him?' Wailed one of the sisters. Jonas kept walking in silence, but he held his hands up for them to see. They were covered in congealed blood and grime. Petra gasped, and one of her sisters forced her head into her bosom, forcing her away from the sight. Jonas walked straight past them, heading back to the hut, fists clenched in fury that hadn't been quenched by the kill. 
 Fury at the fact that he couldn't bring himself to touch Petra again, as the image of the semite violating her played constantly through his troubled mind. 

 'It was hard for you? you know?' Said a voice, soft but clear. The dark slowly turned lighter, a distant sensation of feeling began to feel more present, until a body was felt breathing and a slow murmer of blood was heard.
 'On the count of three, you will wake.' Said the voice, 'One.. two.. three.'
 The eyes of Injur Bateley opened wide with a dead calm. He let himself collect himself entirely, before turning his head slightly toward the hypnotherapist, who was watching him intently behind two glittering spectacles. 
 'I felt such rage. Such disgust.' Injur said, perfectly calm, 'The thought of that man inside her sickened me?' 
 'I was almost about to stop your regression towards the end there, Injur, you were getting extremely agitated.' 
