"If you have a quality, be proud of it. Let it define you, whatever it is."
- Pinhead, Hellraiser

"Failure is success if we learn from it"
- Malcolm Forbes

"If you are willing to look at another person's behavior toward you as a reflection of the state of their relationship with themselves rather than a statement about your value as a person, then you will, over a period of time cease to react at all"
- Yogi Bhajan

“Don’t fight in the North or the South. Fight every battle everywhere, always, in your mind. Everyone is your enemy, everyone is your friend. Every possible series of events is happening all at once. Live that way and nothing will surprise you. Everything that happens will be something that you’ve seen before.”
- Peter "Littlefinger" Baelish

"More is lost by indecision than wrong decision. Indecision is the thief of opportunity. It will steal you blind."
- Cicero

"Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." - Antoine de Saint-Exupery

"Those who say it cannot be done, should not interrupt the person who is doing it" - Chinese Proverb

"If it weren't for bad luck, I wouldn't have no luck at all" - Albert King

"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill

"A brave man acknowledges the strength of others." - Veronica Roth, Divergent

"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened" - Dr.Seuss?

"Courage is found in unlikely places." - Gildor

"I speak my mind because biting my tongue would make my pride bleed" - Etan Thomas

"A scattered memory like a far-off dream. A far-off dream like a scattered memory. I want to line the pieces up, yours and mine" - Sora
"The heart may be weak. And sometimes it may even give in. But I've learned... that deep down there's a light that never goes out" - Sora
"Although my heart may be weak, it's not alone. It's grown with each new experience. And it's found a home with all the friends I've made. I've become a part of their heart, just as they've become a part of mine. And if they think of me now and then, if they don't forget me, then our hearts will be one. I don't need a weapon. My friends are my power!" - Sora

"You can't break a man the way you break a dog or a horse. The harder you beat a man, the taller he stands" - The Jackal

"How many are there in you? Whose hopes and dreams do you encompass?" - Vortigaunt
"Could you but see the eyes inside your own, the minds in your mind, you would see how much we share" - Vortigaunt

"Burn your bridges, learn to walk on water." - Mukhliisah

"The hardest thing in this world - is to live in it" - Buffy

"The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference... in the world." - The G-Man

"Our home is where we are. Our place of origin is not relevant, only where we choose to go together" - Legion

"Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." - A.A. Milne
"If you live to be 100, I hope I live to be 100 minus 1 day, so I never have to live without you." - A. A Milne

"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." - Alice Walker

"We all make choices. But in the end, our choices make us." - Andrew Ryan

"Why did you do all this for me?' he asked. 'I don't deserve it. I've never done anything for you.' 'You have been my friend,' replied Charlotte. 'That in itself is a tremendous thing." - E.B. White

"When I say it's you I like, I'm talking about that part of you that knows that life is far more than anything you can ever see or hear or touch. That deep part of you that allows you to stand for those things without which humankind cannot survive. Love that conquers hate, peace that rises triumphant over war, and justice that proves more powerful than greed." - Fred Rogers
"In the external scheme of things, shining moments are as brief as the twinkling of an eye, yet such twinklings are what eternity is made of -- moments when we human beings can say "I love you," "I'm proud of you," "I forgive you," "I'm grateful for you." That's what eternity is made of: invisible imperishable good stuff." - Fred Rogers
"If you could only sense how important you are to the lives of those you meet; how important you can be to the people you may never even dream of. There is something of yourself that you leave at every meeting with another person." - Fred Rogers
"The child is in me still and sometimes not so still." - Fred Rogers
"When I was a boy and I would see scary things in the news, my mother would say to me, "Look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping." - Fred Rogers

"When bad things happen, I know you want to believe they are a joke, but sometimes life is scary and dark. That is why we must find the light." - The Creeps

"It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog." - Mark Twain

"When life gives you lemons, don't make lemonade. Make life take the lemons back! Get mad! I don't want your damn lemons, what the hell am I supposed to do with these? Demand to see life's manager! Make life rue the day it thought it could give Cave Johnson lemons! Do you know who I am? I'm the man who's gonna burn your house down! With the lemons! I'm gonna get my engineers to invent a combustible lemon that burns your house down!" - Cave Johnson

"We don't make mistakes; we just have happy accidents." - Bob Ross
"I guess I'm a little weird. I like to talk to trees and animals. That's okay though; I have more fun than most people." - Bob Ross

"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." - Albert Einstein

"sucking at something is the first step to becoming sorta good at something" - Jake the Dog

"People make mistakes. It's part of growing up and you never really stop growing." - Duke of Nuts

"Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival." - C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves

"When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different. You know that your name is safe in their mouth." - Jess C. Scott, The Intern

"There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature." - Jane Austen

"There are so many ways to be brave in this world. Sometimes bravery involves laying down your life for something bigger than yourself, or for someone else. Sometimes it involves giving up everything you have ever known, or everyone you have ever loved, for the sake of something greater. But sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes it is nothing more than gritting your teeth through pain, and the work of every day, the slow walk toward a better life. That is the sort of bravery I must have now." - Veronica Roth, Allegiant

 "When you treat a disease, sometimes you win and sometimes you lose. But I guarantee you, when you treat a person, whatever the outcome, you always win." - Hunter Adams

"...accepting this state of being stuck... so, people don't get used to that, some people find this very stressful - even people very good at mathematics." - Wiles, Andrew

"... it's part of the process, and you have to accept and you have to learn to enjoy that process. yes, you don't have to understand but you have to have faith that you will understand" - Wiles, Andrew
