So glad to be here today, love the fact that we've swapped out island beautiful
coasts with an impenetrable desert for beautiful coasts with an impenetrable 
jungle, feel right at home.
It's been a lovely week, meeting everone - the baptism was gorgeous. I wasn't 
keeping track of the score but it was a close tie between Ann and Mary after
all the questions.
The pre-wedding dinner was a great idea - we all had a great time, even the pig
seemed to be enjoying himself. 
It seemed like when I got the save the date card, saw the date it felt so far
away, but sure enough here we are.
Invite you to all look around, this could be the last time in all our lives 
that we'll ever have the same people under the same roof as we do today. This
is a special thing, and something that only we will have and nobody else. 
And we have Steph and Lee to make this all possible.

Lee
Everytime I visit I feel like I haven't spent as much time with you as I'd like,
but it was clear from early on what type of person you are.
I can see it when I see how hard you work for your young family, I can only
imagine how hard it must be sometimes to be away from them when you need to
work - but I know you keep in constant contact, and it's plain to see 
how much you value that family time when you're back. 
Your one of the most dedicated fathers and husbands I know, and I admire how  
much you give, and the sacrifices you make to give your young family everything they
deserve.
You've stuck through an apprentiship, and come out the other side victorious.
That's a huge accomplishment for you and you should be proud of yourself. I'm
blown away by the things you do just as a normal day on the job, the skill and
responsibility it requires. I couldn't hack a day on one of your sites, I'd 
probably be found stuck to the bottom of a wheel at the end of the day. 
You've given me a wonderful niece and nephew, made a very happy grandmother 
out of my mum, and of course you've lit up everyone else's lives with the two 
little lights that are Jackson and Ailey.
You've also made my little sister happy. Others have come and gone but you're
the only one who made the grade. She see's in you a friend, a companion for 
life, and someone she wants to share her most important moments in life with,
be they happy or sad, she wants you to be there for them.
If my father was here, I know he'd be so proud to have you as a son in law, so 
on behalf of him, and myself, I welcome you to our family.

Steph
It's official, if there's anyone who can rock a beach wedding dress it's you.
Blown away that's it's my little sister that's gone and started a family, 
bought a house, and now has married the man of her dreams. 
Is this the same sister that I fought tooth and nail with as soon as we were
left alone in the house together for more than 5 minutes?
The same sister that as soon as dawn broke on a Saturday morning, no biscuit 
was safe in the house - I remember you, saturday morning cartoons and a giant
tub of biscuits that dwarfed your little blond head. If I dared disturb this 
ritual, you'd turn up that lip and call in the big guns, run into our parents
room, then I'd get a holler from the bedroom and I knew that you'd got me in 
trouble. I still jump to this day if I hear someone shout like that.
I regret that you didn't decide to go with one of your classic looks from that
period, the perm. You may have burned all the pictures from that time
but there's one picture you'll never be able to burn, and it's stuck here safe.

We had a childhood together with it's fair share of happy moments, and sad
ones. Some beautiful, and some challenging. We went through a lot together.
But I would not trade a single day of anything we went through because it's
made us who we are, and made you who you are, and that's the wonderful 
sister, wife, mother and daughter you are today. You mean so much to so many
people, and we are so lucky to have you.

Steph we have that special bond that only two siblings have, and I don't need
to go in to how happy I am for you, because you know it already. You've found
your happiness, something that many struggle to do, but it's yours.

I'm proud of you, and dad's proud of you. Your mum is so very proud of you.
We all are. You've given us all so much to celebrate and you've brought us
all together.

One of my favourite quotes, which some of you may recognise, but regardless
it's one of my favourites because you only realise how true it is after you've
gone through life a bit. And the quote is:

hapiness only real when shared - Christopher McCandless

I'm so happy that i'm here today, because now you two will never lose another
happy moment, because you'll be sharing them.

To the bride and groom.
