They stood in the airlock, hands tightly gripping their bags.

"I can get you out, hang on." Shenya pressed a few buttons on a wall console, 
one of them remained red. "They can't stop it from opening now."
She walked over to the entrance to the airlock and looked through the
glass into the dark hall. Did they know? Had they noticed yet?

Shenya looked back into the room. Five bedraggled research scientists, one 
squat with enormous glasses, the others more athletic, nervously waited for the 
outside door to open. It was escape that they so desired, but that would be only
the beginning. Overnight the sky had rained a strange blue crystalline colour,
and small sprinkles of purplish crystal could be seen on the ground, along with
a much larger crystals dotted around. It looked like a strange field of flowers.

What madness had the shell-creatures brought down upon our heads time?

Shenya heard a thump from the airlock entrance. Xian was pressed up against the
glass, fist clenched and held above his head after striking it, his faced
twisted in disbelief. His eyes were frantic, trying to make sense of it.

Shenya regarded Xian sadly for a moment, and then looked back at the group. 
They would try hard, that's for sure, but they would most likely get themselves 
all killed trying to make it out of this nightmare that the shell-creatures had
constructed.

The door hissed open, and the group ran out without a backward glance.

They were quite far in the field when Shenya notice the group moving all at once
together, as if avoiding an obstacle. That's when Shenya noticed the disturbed
crystals vibrating ever so slightly, seemingly activated by the footfalls.

A giant crystal pierced through the ground, blue-ish and obelisk-like. It
violently erupted at an angle, flinging one of the scientists backwards into the
air, causing him to crash down on his back. The others scrambled out of the way
of the crystal, but then quickly came back to tend to their friend. The portly
scientist ran on, not looking back, and crushing more crystals under his feet as
he did. He dissapeared behind the giant crystal as the others picked up their
dazed friend.

shell creatures: from a dream, they all travelled in giant tortoise space-ships.
They used a blue well of space to travel to the distant stars, with one pilon 
proclaiming that gazing upon it made him want to 'touch it'. Do these creatures
tap into desire to conquer? are our frail minds susceptible?
