Bread
Flatbread
To do: as well as brown and white soda breads, scones, yeast breads, French breads including fougasse, basic white bread, caramelised onion bread, sundried tomato, olive and sweet breads, we will also have time to explore the intriguing world of overnight starters and natural yeast sourdoughs
Basic stocks
various techniques for producing beef, veal, ham, chicken, fish, vegetable and Asian flavoured stocks.
Soups
from the simplest soup in minutes to complex classic broths.
Use of herbs and spices - a broad exposure to all sorts of herbs and spices, and a deep understanding of how to draw out the inherent potential of each herb or spice through various flavour pairings or cooking methods.
Pasta
from the simple to the complex pasta-based dishes and sauces. Making pasta dough and home-made fresh pasta dishes such as open lasagne and filled ravioli and tortellini.
Sauces
the classic French sauces, modern sauces and vinaigrettes for cold and warm salads as well as hot cooked dishes.
Fish
preparation of all types of flat and round fish, including skinning, descaling, boning, filleting; panfrying, griddling and roasting fish. Preparing sauces for fish dishes including classic French sauces, Asian, Thai sauces and salsas. Various methods for cooking shellfish.
Meat and poultry
Learn to bone, dissect and trim different types of meat and poultry. We will cover a vast array of approaches to cooking meat and poultry such as panfrying, roasting and braising - and will take inspiration from a broad cultural cross-section, taking in tagines and casseroles, stir-fries and curries.
Vegetables
Baked potato
Wedges
vegetables as starters, mains and side dishes.
Pastry
To do: regular use of different pastries for all sorts of desserts and savoury tarts, such as puff, filo, shortcrust and pate sucrée pastry
Desserts and baking
including hot soufflés, tarts, mousses, cakes, biscuits and petits fours. Techniques including making crème anglaise and sabayon, using gelatine, making ice creams and sorbets, piping and decorating cakes, and various meringue techniques. We will also cover techniques for working with sugar, including spun sugar for crafting elaborate sugar cages.
World cuisine - Italian
Pizza

Dishes from culinary cultures as diverse as Chinese, French, Indian, Irish, Italian, Japanese, Malaysian, Middle Eastern, Moroccan, Spanish and Thai.


